examples/docs/src/pages/power.mdx, before:

import { Tab, Tabs } from "nextra-theme-docs";

# Power Users

## cloud-init
If you know if your server provider has cloud init, you're a power user. A few hosts that have cloud-init include OVH, Hetzner, Digital Ocean, Vultr and many many more. Here's our custom cloud-init that will prep any VPS for either the Harmony or Findora! Thanks for the security hardening tips [from here](https://gist.github.com/MrGraversen/734364483641afae903c8e86ce464868).  

To use the code below simply replace the ssh-rsa key with your id_rsa.pub key and set the username you would like to use on the server (Change `servicefindora` or `serviceuser` in the examples below).

Security Notes:
- You can customize any of this!
- We included a config that sets up UFW for you if you use it! Cloud providers may have their own firewall, your choice!
- Inject your `- ssh-rsa ...Your Key Here...` into the cloud-init users section below as 1 line with the full key.

<Tabs items={["Findora cloud-init", "Findora w/ UFW Settings cloud-init", "Harmony cloud-init", "Harmony w/ UFW Settings cloud-init"]} defaultIndex="0">
  <Tab>
    ```text copy
    #cloud-config
  users:
    - name: servicefindora
      groups: sudo
      shell: /bin/bash
      sudo: ['ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD:ALL']
      ssh-authorized-keys:
        - ssh-rsa ...Your Key Here...
  package_upgrade: true
  runcmd:
    - apt-get update
    - apt-get upgrade -y
    - curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg | apt-key add -
    - add-apt-repository "deb [arch=amd64] https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu focal stable"
    - apt install apt-transport-https ca-certificates curl software-properties-common docker-ce docker-ce-cli dnsutils docker-compose containerd.io bind9-dnsutils git python3-pip python3-dotenv unzip -y
    - systemctl start docker
    - systemctl enable docker
    - usermod -aG docker servicefindora
    ```
  </Tab>
    <Tab>
    ```text copy
    #cloud-config
    users:
      - name: servicefindora
        groups: sudo
        shell: /bin/bash
        sudo: ['ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD:ALL']
        ssh-authorized-keys:
          - ssh-rsa ...Your Key Here...
    package_upgrade: true
    runcmd:
      - apt-get update
      - apt-get upgrade -y
      - curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg | apt-key add -
      - add-apt-repository "deb [arch=amd64] https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu focal stable"
      - apt install apt-transport-https ca-certificates curl software-properties-common docker-ce docker-ce-cli dnsutils docker-compose containerd.io bind9-dnsutils git python3-pip python3-dotenv unzip -y
      - systemctl start docker
      - systemctl enable docker
      - usermod -aG docker servicefindora
      - ufw default deny incoming
      - ufw default allow outgoing
      - ufw allow 22/tcp
      - ufw allow 8545/tcp
      - ufw allow 8667/tcp
      - ufw allow 8668/tcp
      - ufw allow 8669/tcp
      - ufw allow 26657/tcp
      - ufw enable
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab>
    ```text copy
    #cloud-config
    users:
      - name: serviceharmony
        groups: sudo
        shell: /bin/bash
        sudo: ['ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD:ALL']
        ssh-authorized-keys:
          - ssh-rsa ...Your Key Here...
    package_upgrade: true
    runcmd:
      - apt-get update
      - apt-get upgrade -y
      - curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg | apt-key add -
      - add-apt-repository "deb [arch=amd64] https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu focal stable"
      - apt install apt-transport-https ca-certificates curl software-properties-common docker-ce docker-ce-cli dnsutils docker-compose containerd.io bind9-dnsutils git python3-pip python3-dotenv unzip -y
      - systemctl start docker
      - systemctl enable docker
      - usermod -aG docker serviceharmony
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab>
    ```text copy
    #cloud-config
    users:
      - name: serviceharmony
        groups: sudo
        shell: /bin/bash
        sudo: ['ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD:ALL']
        ssh-authorized-keys:
          - ssh-rsa ...Your Key Here...
    package_upgrade: true
    runcmd:
      - apt-get update
      - apt-get upgrade -y
      - curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg | apt-key add -
      - add-apt-repository "deb [arch=amd64] https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu focal stable"
      - apt install apt-transport-https ca-certificates curl software-properties-common docker-ce docker-ce-cli dnsutils docker-compose containerd.io bind9-dnsutils git python3-pip python3-dotenv unzip -y
      - systemctl start docker
      - systemctl enable docker
      - usermod -aG docker serviceharmony
      - ufw default deny incoming
      - ufw default allow outgoing
      - ufw allow 22/tcp
      - ufw allow 6000/tcp
      - ufw allow 9000/tcp
      - ufw enable
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>
**Note**: The cloud-init does take a few minutes to run after your server comes online. Wait a few minutes for this to complete or verifiy it finishes up by watching the logs with `sudo tail -f /var/log/syslog` to see it complete.  

## Findora
If you're going to be installing Findora you will need to exit your session and start a new one to join the Docker group. Run the command `groups` to verify your account has docker listed as a group.

Pull the runner to your servery by running the following command to also start the installer:
```text copy
cd ~/ && wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FindoraNetwork/findora-toolbox/main/src/bin/findora.sh && chmod +x findora.sh && ./findora.sh --installer
```

The installer will start up and ask if you'd like mainnet or testnet and begin installation. To re-launch the menu with the latest updates after installation completes, run:
```text copy
./findora.sh
```

Show all options with:
```text copy
./findora.sh --help
```

![Toolbox help menu](/toolbox-help.jpg)

## Harmony
To pull and install the Harmony Validator Toolbox, run the following command:
```text copy
cd ~/ && sudo apt-get install dnsutils git python3-pip python3-dotenv unzip tmux -y && wget -O harmony.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/easy-node-pro/harmony-toolbox/main/src/bin/harmony.sh && chmod +x harmony.sh && bash ~/harmony.sh
```

The installer will start up, ask some quesitons and install harmony. To re-launch the menu with the latest updates after installation completes, run:
```text copy
bash -x ~/harmony.sh
```

Commit message:

Add Fractal Validator documentation and update meta information

examples/docs/src/pages/power.mdx, after:

import { Tab, Tabs } from "nextra-theme-docs";

# Power Users

## cloud-init
If you know if your server provider has cloud init, you're a power user. A few hosts that have cloud-init include OVH, Hetzner, Digital Ocean, Vultr and many many more. Here's our custom cloud-init that will prep any VPS for either the Harmony or Fractal! Thanks for the security hardening tips [from here](https://gist.github.com/MrGraversen/734364483641afae903c8e86ce464868).  

To use the code below simply replace the ssh-rsa key with your id_rsa.pub key and set the username you would like to use on the server (Change `servicefindora` or `serviceuser` in the examples below).

Security Notes:
- You can customize any of this!
- We included a config that sets up UFW for you if you use it! Cloud providers may have their own firewall, your choice!
- Inject your `- ssh-rsa ...Your Key Here...` into the cloud-init users section below as 1 line with the full key.

<Tabs items={["Fractal cloud-init", "Fractal w/ UFW Settings cloud-init", "Harmony cloud-init", "Harmony w/ UFW Settings cloud-init"]} defaultIndex="0">
  <Tab>
    ```text copy
    #cloud-config
  users:
    - name: servicefindora
      groups: sudo
      shell: /bin/bash
      sudo: ['ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD:ALL']
      ssh-authorized-keys:
        - ssh-rsa ...Your Key Here...
  package_upgrade: true
  runcmd:
    - apt-get update
    - apt-get upgrade -y
    - curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg | apt-key add -
    - add-apt-repository "deb [arch=amd64] https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu focal stable"
    - apt install apt-transport-https ca-certificates curl software-properties-common docker-ce docker-ce-cli dnsutils docker-compose containerd.io bind9-dnsutils git python3-pip python3-dotenv unzip -y
    - systemctl start docker
    - systemctl enable docker
    - usermod -aG docker servicefindora
    ```
  </Tab>
    <Tab>
    ```text copy
    #cloud-config
    users:
      - name: servicefindora
        groups: sudo
        shell: /bin/bash
        sudo: ['ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD:ALL']
        ssh-authorized-keys:
          - ssh-rsa ...Your Key Here...
    package_upgrade: true
    runcmd:
      - apt-get update
      - apt-get upgrade -y
      - curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg | apt-key add -
      - add-apt-repository "deb [arch=amd64] https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu focal stable"
      - apt install apt-transport-https ca-certificates curl software-properties-common docker-ce docker-ce-cli dnsutils docker-compose containerd.io bind9-dnsutils git python3-pip python3-dotenv unzip -y
      - systemctl start docker
      - systemctl enable docker
      - usermod -aG docker servicefindora
      - ufw default deny incoming
      - ufw default allow outgoing
      - ufw allow 22/tcp
      - ufw allow 8545/tcp
      - ufw allow 8667/tcp
      - ufw allow 8668/tcp
      - ufw allow 8669/tcp
      - ufw allow 26657/tcp
      - ufw enable
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab>
    ```text copy
    #cloud-config
    users:
      - name: serviceharmony
        groups: sudo
        shell: /bin/bash
        sudo: ['ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD:ALL']
        ssh-authorized-keys:
          - ssh-rsa ...Your Key Here...
    package_upgrade: true
    runcmd:
      - apt-get update
      - apt-get upgrade -y
      - curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg | apt-key add -
      - add-apt-repository "deb [arch=amd64] https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu focal stable"
      - apt install apt-transport-https ca-certificates curl software-properties-common docker-ce docker-ce-cli dnsutils docker-compose containerd.io bind9-dnsutils git python3-pip python3-dotenv unzip -y
      - systemctl start docker
      - systemctl enable docker
      - usermod -aG docker serviceharmony
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab>
    ```text copy
    #cloud-config
    users:
      - name: serviceharmony
        groups: sudo
        shell: /bin/bash
        sudo: ['ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD:ALL']
        ssh-authorized-keys:
          - ssh-rsa ...Your Key Here...
    package_upgrade: true
    runcmd:
      - apt-get update
      - apt-get upgrade -y
      - curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg | apt-key add -
      - add-apt-repository "deb [arch=amd64] https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu focal stable"
      - apt install apt-transport-https ca-certificates curl software-properties-common docker-ce docker-ce-cli dnsutils docker-compose containerd.io bind9-dnsutils git python3-pip python3-dotenv unzip -y
      - systemctl start docker
      - systemctl enable docker
      - usermod -aG docker serviceharmony
      - ufw default deny incoming
      - ufw default allow outgoing
      - ufw allow 22/tcp
      - ufw allow 6000/tcp
      - ufw allow 9000/tcp
      - ufw enable
    ```
  </Tab>
</Tabs>
**Note**: The cloud-init does take a few minutes to run after your server comes online. Wait a few minutes for this to complete or verifiy it finishes up by watching the logs with `sudo tail -f /var/log/syslog` to see it complete.  

## Fractal
If you're going to be installing Fractal you will need to exit your session and start a new one to join the Docker group. Run the command `groups` to verify your account has docker listed as a group.

Pull the runner to your servery by running the following command to also start the installer:
```text copy
cd ~/ && wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FindoraNetwork/fractal-toolbox/main/src/bin/fractal.sh && chmod +x fractal.sh && ./fractal.sh --installer
```

The installer will start up and ask if you'd like mainnet or testnet and begin installation. To re-launch the menu with the latest updates after installation completes, run:
```text copy
./fractal.sh
```

Show all options with:
```text copy
./fractal.sh --help
```

![Toolbox help menu](/toolbox-help.jpg)

## Harmony
To pull and install the Harmony Validator Toolbox, run the following command:
```text copy
cd ~/ && sudo apt-get install dnsutils git python3-pip python3-dotenv unzip tmux -y && wget -O harmony.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/easy-node-pro/harmony-toolbox/main/src/bin/harmony.sh && chmod +x harmony.sh && bash ~/harmony.sh
```

The installer will start up, ask some quesitons and install harmony. To re-launch the menu with the latest updates after installation completes, run:
```text copy
bash -x ~/harmony.sh
```
