examples/docs/src/pages/updates.mdx, before:

## Updates Log
A running log of updates to our guides.

### 2023
Updates in 2023:  
#### 1/24/23 - Added /api-docs
We've launched our api endpoint website and added the docs sub for future information if required. Check it out today at ![api.easynode.pro/api-docs](https://api.easynode.pro/api-docs).

### 2022
Updates in 2022:
#### 12/16/22 - Findora Validator Toolbox, Guide Site Upgrade!
We released the Findora Validator Toolbox on 12/9/22! Documentation site upgraded to react 18/next.js current!

#### 5/26/22 - Findora FRA Validator Online!
Our new [Findora $FRA Validator](https://bit.ly/easynodefra) is now online! Stake with us and earn 51% APY on Findora!

We, of course, setup Harmony ONE with it's own section now along side our brand new [Findora Validator Guides](/findora)!

#### 5/5/22 - One site to rule them all
One guide to guide them all - Combined both guides into one - Companion & Toolbox Guide United!

#### 5/4/22 - Moved to a new platform and host! Enjoy!
Moved platform, minor updates for now

### 2021
Updates in 2021:

#### 9/18/21 - Prepping validator-toolbox
Re-arranged some items and broke it down into smaller information. Working on pre-loading the version that will go live with the validator toolbox.

#### 7/24/21 - EasyNode.PRO
We are now EasyNode.PRO
We'll have a toolset for validators coming in the next few weeks, stay tuned!

#### 6/17/21 - Raspberry Pi
Setup links to the Raspberry Pi Node Setup guide that was added to the official site after being created by Stakeridoo!

#### 6/2/21 - stats.sh scripts
Upgraded & supercharged the scripts with the help of [Stakeridoo's recent github release](https://github.com/Stakeridoo/harmony-one-RPIstatus) for raspberry pi.

#### 5/16/21 - Vultr
Added [Vultr as a Cloud Provider](https://www.vultr.com/?ref=8873853) in notes with the testing of a 3rd node on their services.

#### 5/7/21 - Cloud Requirements & Managing Nodes
Updated cloud requirements with upgrades to the official guide completed.  
Built the Validator Toolbox  
Created Monitoring Nodes page for new validators looking for monitoring tips

#### 5/5/21
Big update today, rearranged most of the guide intro to help people deciding if this is the right choice for them along with delving more into server costs and locations after a lot of new validators found out the big 3 cloud providers are quite pricey for data transfer.
Added a link to [Ubuntu 20.04 LTS](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/ubuntu-2004-lts/9n6svws3rx71?activetab=pivot:overviewtab) for Windows to help people get into Linux as that's what your node will run.

#### 4/12/21 - Stats Script
Added Harmony Version Printout to bottom of the [Stats Script](/harmony/post/scripts/stats).

#### 4/9/2021 - New branding and site!
New URL Change
Fixed intro section for Advanced Tips

#### 4/3/2021 - Shard Selection
With the recent issues on Shard 0 we updated the guide and encourage users to create keys on another shard instead of 0. Any of the others are fine, take your pick.
![Shard Select](/cimage_15.png)

Commit message:

Add Fractal Validator documentation and update meta information

examples/docs/src/pages/updates.mdx, after:

## Updates Log
A running log of updates to our guides.

### 2023
Updates in 2023:  
#### 1/24/23 - Added /api-docs
We've launched our api endpoint website and added the docs sub for future information if required. Check it out today at ![api.easynode.pro/api-docs](https://api.easynode.pro/api-docs).

### 2022
Updates in 2022:
#### 12/16/22 - Fractal Validator Toolbox, Guide Site Upgrade!
We released the Fractal Validator Toolbox on 12/9/22! Documentation site upgraded to react 18/next.js current!

#### 5/26/22 - Fractal FRA Validator Online!
Our new [Fractal $FRA Validator](https://bit.ly/easynodefra) is now online! Stake with us and earn 51% APY on Fractal!

We, of course, setup Harmony ONE with it's own section now along side our brand new [Fractal Validator Guides](/fractal)!

#### 5/5/22 - One site to rule them all
One guide to guide them all - Combined both guides into one - Companion & Toolbox Guide United!

#### 5/4/22 - Moved to a new platform and host! Enjoy!
Moved platform, minor updates for now

### 2021
Updates in 2021:

#### 9/18/21 - Prepping validator-toolbox
Re-arranged some items and broke it down into smaller information. Working on pre-loading the version that will go live with the validator toolbox.

#### 7/24/21 - EasyNode.PRO
We are now EasyNode.PRO
We'll have a toolset for validators coming in the next few weeks, stay tuned!

#### 6/17/21 - Raspberry Pi
Setup links to the Raspberry Pi Node Setup guide that was added to the official site after being created by Stakeridoo!

#### 6/2/21 - stats.sh scripts
Upgraded & supercharged the scripts with the help of [Stakeridoo's recent github release](https://github.com/Stakeridoo/harmony-one-RPIstatus) for raspberry pi.

#### 5/16/21 - Vultr
Added [Vultr as a Cloud Provider](https://www.vultr.com/?ref=8873853) in notes with the testing of a 3rd node on their services.

#### 5/7/21 - Cloud Requirements & Managing Nodes
Updated cloud requirements with upgrades to the official guide completed.  
Built the Validator Toolbox  
Created Monitoring Nodes page for new validators looking for monitoring tips

#### 5/5/21
Big update today, rearranged most of the guide intro to help people deciding if this is the right choice for them along with delving more into server costs and locations after a lot of new validators found out the big 3 cloud providers are quite pricey for data transfer.
Added a link to [Ubuntu 20.04 LTS](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/ubuntu-2004-lts/9n6svws3rx71?activetab=pivot:overviewtab) for Windows to help people get into Linux as that's what your node will run.

#### 4/12/21 - Stats Script
Added Harmony Version Printout to bottom of the [Stats Script](/harmony/post/scripts/stats).

#### 4/9/2021 - New branding and site!
New URL Change
Fixed intro section for Advanced Tips

#### 4/3/2021 - Shard Selection
With the recent issues on Shard 0 we updated the guide and encourage users to create keys on another shard instead of 0. Any of the others are fine, take your pick.
![Shard Select](/cimage_15.png)
