examples/docs/src/pages/whitepaper.mdx, before:

# ENP Token White Paper

Whitepaper Version 1.3.1 - February 6th, 2025

## Introduction

The ENP token is a utility token designed to incentivize and reward users for staking with our [EasyNodePro](https://staking.harmony.one/validators/mainnet/one18julyys26h67r4vq3zexzpfmvt9vpn0g75phmu) & [RockTheBlockchain](https://staking.harmony.one/validators/mainnet/one1p2rmvndevvw682qynqu08hyvx24hh4runsw6pz) validator pools on the Harmony blockchain. By providing a unique token-based reward system, we aim to create a more engaging and profitable experience for our users while promoting the growth and adoption of the Harmony ecosystem.

## Token Overview

- **Symbol:** `$ENP`
- **Total Supply:** 500,000,000 ENP
- **Token Type:** ERC-20

## Token Distribution

The ENP token has been distributed as follows:

- **Air Drops:**
  - 8.2% (41 million `$ENP`) was airdropped to delegators of EasyNodePro, RockTheBlockchain, StrongMindsHold, Deadpool, Harmony Hub, and Farmony.
  - 14.4% (72 million `$ENP`) is locked with 3m unlocking monthly starting Feb, 2025 for 2 years. These will be airdropped to EasyNodePro and RockTheBlockchain delegators on the first of each month.
  - 8.4% (42 million `$ENP`) is locked with ~1.16m unlocking monthly starting Jan, 2026 for 2 years. These will be added to airdrops, burned, used to increase LP, or other purposes TBD.
- **Liquidity Pool:** 
  - 22% of the total supply (110,000,000 ENP) was funded to the initial liquidity pools on [swap.harmony.one DEX](swap.harmony.one) paired with `$ONE` and `$MONA`.
- **Team Allocation:** 
  - 5% of the total supply (25,000,000 ENP) is allocated to the team to keep ENP active and engaged.
- **Development & Partnerships:** 
  - The remaining tokens are reserved for future development, partnerships, and other purposes. These tokens may be relocked or burned if unused.
  - 12% of the total supply (60,000,000 ENP) is stored in our multi-sig for usage in 2025.
  - 30% of the total supply (150,000,000 ENP) is locked, with 50 million `$ENP` unlocking yearly starting in Jan, 2026 for 3 years.
- Tokens are locked with Hedgey Finance and released on a schedule to our multi-signature wallet.

![Hedgey Locked](/hedgy-locked.png)

## Tokenomics

Value driven by staking rewards, demand, liquidity, burning and ecosystem growth.

## Validator Pool Integration - Air Drops Thru January 2027!

Users receive `$ENP` as extra rewards, with weighted distribution based on stake, if they are delegate to EasyNodePro or RockTheBlockchain validators on Harmony protocol.

- **Initial:** 10M was airdropped to EasyNodePro, 20M to RockTheBlockchain, 5M to StrongMindsHold, and 2M each to Farmony, Harmony Hub, and Deadpool delegators.
- **Future:** 3M monthly from Feb 2025 to Jan 2027 to EasyNodePro and RockTheBlockchain delegators.

## Governance

All governance decisions will be voted on via our [Snapshot](https://snapshot.box/#/s:easynodepro.eth) page.
- Votes are done by `$ENP` holding weight when voting starts
- Votes will be hidden until voting is complete
- Voting outcome determined by `$ENP` holders only

## Roadmap
- **2024:** Token creation and initial air drops.
- **2025:** Liquidity pools and monthly airdrops.
- **2026-2028:** Further airdrops, contests, and unlocks.
- **Future:** Expanding partnerships and ecosystem growth!

## $ENP Burns
- **LP Burn:** We use any fees taken in from the LP pools to buy `$ENP` and burn it all at least once a month.
- **Token Burn:** We currently buy and burn as we spend validator rewards. We will determine if there is a burn schedule along with the monthly airdrops soon.
- **Total Burn:** We have burned **5,121,717 `$ENP`** as of 2/6/2025.

### Burn Log 

| Date        | Total     |
|-------------|-----------|
| 10 Jan 2025 | 1,000,000 |
| 21 Jan 2025 | 1,000,000 |
| 30 Jan 2025 | 3,000,000 |
| 06 Feb 2025 |   121,717 |

## $ENP Validator or Community Participation
- Any validator or community member can participate in `$ENP` and share in the LP we are builidng!
- Purchase `$ENP` - Simply use some of your rewards to purchase `$ENP` on swap.
- Airdrop target - Determine validator to target for stake weighted air drop.
- EasyNodePro Discord - Head to our [discord](https://mee6.xyz/i/TvaDiyZ9hc) and file a ticket to coordinate an air drop.

## Smart Contract Information

- The ENP smart contract is already verified on chain [here](https://explorer.harmony.one/address/0xc4Aa9D9D003E68b6c3D223670d4dA74BB65c4666?tab=contract&shard=0).
- The ENP smart contract is from thirdweb and has been renounced, meaning no one can create any more or control the contract.

## Security and Audits

The ENP token smart contract is part of thirdweb and audited by their team.

## Conclusion

The ENP token is designed to provide a unique and rewarding experience for users who stake with our validator pool on the Harmony blockchain. By offering a token-based reward system, we aim to create a more engaging and profitable experience for our users while also promoting the growth and adoption of the Harmony ecosystem.

## Links
- **EasyNodePro Linktree:** [Website](https://easynodepro.com/links)
- **EasyNodePro Validator:** [Staking Portal](https://staking.harmony.one/validators/mainnet/one18julyys26h67r4vq3zexzpfmvt9vpn0g75phmu)
- **Blockchain:** [Harmony ONE](https://harmony.one)
- **ENP Contract:** [0xc4Aa9D9D003E68b6c3D223670d4dA74BB65c4666](https://explorer.harmony.one/address/0xc4Aa9D9D003E68b6c3D223670d4dA74BB65c4666)
- **Snapshot Voting Portal:** [Snapshot.org](https://snapshot.box/#/s:easynodepro.eth)
- **LP Hot Wallet:** [0x3c0e1A58556d1490Bb0923D8c47A766B7A491b10](https://multisig.harmony.one/home?safe=hmy:0x3c0e1A58556d1490Bb0923D8c47A766B7A491b10)
- **ENP Long Term Storage Wallet:** [0x1195da078D3Da8Aa55715eA77d8c58373e5d8E73](https://multisig.harmonoy.one/home?save=hmy:0x1195da078D3Da8Aa55715eA77d8c58373e5d8E73)
- **NFT Minting Site:** [Website](https://easynodepro.com/mint)
- **Dead Wallet for LP Burn:** [0x000000000000000000000000000000000000dead](https://explorer.harmony.one/address/0x000000000000000000000000000000000000dead)

Commit message:

Fix formatting of '$ENP' references and update airdrop terminology in whitepaper.mdx

examples/docs/src/pages/whitepaper.mdx, after:


# ENP Token White Paper

Whitepaper Version 1.3.1 - February 6th, 2025

## Introduction

The ENP token is a utility token designed to incentivize and reward users for staking with our [EasyNodePro](https://staking.harmony.one/validators/mainnet/one18julyys26h67r4vq3zexzpfmvt9vpn0g75phmu) & [RockTheBlockchain](https://staking.harmony.one/validators/mainnet/one1p2rmvndevvw682qynqu08hyvx24hh4runsw6pz) validator pools on the Harmony blockchain. By providing a unique token-based reward system, we aim to create a more engaging and profitable experience for our users while promoting the growth and adoption of the Harmony ecosystem.

## Token Overview

- **Symbol:** `$ENP`
- **Total Supply:** 500,000,000 ENP
- **Token Type:** ERC-20

## Token Distribution

The ENP token has been distributed as follows:

- **Air Drops:**
  - 8.2% (41 million `$ENP`) was air dropped to delegators of EasyNodePro, RockTheBlockchain, StrongMindsHold, Deadpool, Harmony Hub, and Farmony.
  - 14.4% (72 million `$ENP`) is locked with 3m unlocking monthly starting Feb, 2025 for 2 years. These will be air dropped to EasyNodePro and RockTheBlockchain delegators on the first of each month.
  - 8.4% (42 million `$ENP`) is locked with ~1.16m unlocking monthly starting Jan, 2026 for 2 years. These will be added to air drops, burned, used to increase LP, or other purposes TBD.
- **Liquidity Pool:** 
  - 22% of the total supply (110,000,000 ENP) was funded to the initial liquidity pools on [swap.harmony.one DEX](swap.harmony.one) paired with `$ONE` and `$MONA`.
- **Team Allocation:** 
  - 5% of the total supply (25,000,000 ENP) is allocated to the team to keep ENP active and engaged.
- **Development & Partnerships:** 
  - The remaining tokens are reserved for future development, partnerships, and other purposes. These tokens may be relocked or burned if unused.
  - 12% of the total supply (60,000,000 ENP) is stored in our multi-sig for usage in 2025.
  - 30% of the total supply (150,000,000 ENP) is locked, with 50 million `$ENP` unlocking yearly starting in Jan, 2026 for 3 years.
- Tokens are locked with Hedgey Finance and released on a schedule to our multi-signature wallet.

![Hedgey Locked](/hedgy-locked.png)

## Tokenomics

Value driven by staking rewards, demand, liquidity, burning and ecosystem growth.

## Validator Pool Integration - Air Drops Thru January 2027!

Users receive `$ENP` as extra rewards, with weighted distribution based on stake, if they are delegate to EasyNodePro or RockTheBlockchain validators on Harmony protocol.

- **Initial:** 10M was air dropped to EasyNodePro, 20M to RockTheBlockchain, 5M to StrongMindsHold, and 2M each to Farmony, Harmony Hub, and Deadpool delegators.
- **Future:** 3M monthly from Feb 2025 to Jan 2027 to EasyNodePro and RockTheBlockchain delegators.

## Governance

All governance decisions will be voted on via our [Snapshot](https://snapshot.box/#/s:easynodepro.eth) page.
- Votes are done by `$ENP` holding weight when voting starts
- Votes will be hidden until voting is complete
- Voting outcome determined by `$ENP` holders only

## Roadmap
- **2024:** Token creation and initial air drops.
- **2025:** Liquidity pools and monthly air drops.
- **2026-2028:** Further air drops, contests, and unlocks.
- **Future:** Expanding partnerships and ecosystem growth!

## $ENP Burns
- **LP Burn:** We use any fees taken in from the LP pools to buy `$ENP` and burn it all at least once a month.
- **Token Burn:** We currently buy and burn as we spend validator rewards. We will determine if there is a burn schedule along with the monthly air drops soon.
- **Total Burn:** We have burned **5,121,717 `$ENP`** as of 2/6/2025.

### Burn Log 

| Date        | Total     |
|-------------|-----------|
| 10 Jan 2025 | 1,000,000 |
| 21 Jan 2025 | 1,000,000 |
| 30 Jan 2025 | 3,000,000 |
| 06 Feb 2025 |   121,717 |

## $ENP Validator or Community Participation
- Any validator or community member can participate in `$ENP` and share in the LP we are builidng!
- Purchase `$ENP` - Simply use some of your rewards to purchase `$ENP` on swap.
- Air drop target - Determine validator to target for stake weighted air drop.
- EasyNodePro Discord - Head to our [discord](https://mee6.xyz/i/TvaDiyZ9hc) and file a ticket to coordinate an air drop.

## Smart Contract Information

- The ENP smart contract is already verified on chain [here](https://explorer.harmony.one/address/0xc4Aa9D9D003E68b6c3D223670d4dA74BB65c4666?tab=contract&shard=0).
- The ENP smart contract is from thirdweb and has been renounced, meaning no one can create any more or control the contract.

## Security and Audits

The ENP token smart contract is part of thirdweb and audited by their team.

## Conclusion

The ENP token is designed to provide a unique and rewarding experience for users who stake with our validator pool on the Harmony blockchain. By offering a token-based reward system, we aim to create a more engaging and profitable experience for our users while also promoting the growth and adoption of the Harmony ecosystem.

## Links
 1. **EasyNodePro Linktree:** [Website](https://easynodepro.com/links)
 2. **EasyNodePro Validator:** [Staking Portal](https://staking.harmony.one/validators/mainnet/one18julyys26h67r4vq3zexzpfmvt9vpn0g75phmu)
 3. **Blockchain:** [Harmony ONE](https://harmony.one)
 4. **ENP Contract:** [0xc4Aa9D9D003E68b6c3D223670d4dA74BB65c4666](https://explorer.harmony.one/address/0xc4Aa9D9D003E68b6c3D223670d4dA74BB65c4666)
 5. **Snapshot Voting Portal:** [Snapshot.org](https://snapshot.box/#/s:easynodepro.eth)
 6. **LP Hot Wallet:** [0x3c0e1A58556d1490Bb0923D8c47A766B7A491b10](https://multisig.harmony.one/home?safe=hmy:0x3c0e1A58556d1490Bb0923D8c47A766B7A491b10)
 7. **ENP Long Term Storage Wallet:** [0x1195da078D3Da8Aa55715eA77d8c58373e5d8E73](https://multisig.harmonoy.one/home?save=hmy:0x1195da078D3Da8Aa55715eA77d8c58373e5d8E73)
 8. **NFT Minting Site:** [Website](https://easynodepro.com/mint)
 9. **Dead Wallet for LP Burn:** [0x000000000000000000000000000000000000dead](https://explorer.harmony.one/address/0x000000000000000000000000000000000000dead)
